Update CryoCloud demo (module 1) (#62)
geojupyter/workshop-open-source-geospatial: modules/01-working-in-jupyterhub/index.md

:::

3) Sit back and learn about each of the tools!
    - How to bring your own environment
    - JupyterHub options and viewing setup

>     - Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - GitHub
```

You can start with a simple example environment from the following template repository:

```
https://github.com/tsnow03/BuildOwnImage_template_env.git
```

To copy the correct link from your own repository:

1. Open your GitHub repository.
2. Click the blue **Code** button.
3. Copy the HTTPS URL (it should end in `.git`).

CryoCloud will use the `environment.yml` found in that repository to build your image.

### Building the Image

1. Paste the repository URL into the **Repository** field.
2. Click **Build image**.

CryoCloud will begin building a Docker image based on your `environment.yml`. Build times vary depending on the number of packages:

- Simple environments: ~30 seconds
- Large or complex environments: up to ~1 hour

If the build process encounters an issue, an error message will appear in the log so you can revise your `environment.yml`.

After the image is built once, you can easily select it again in future sessions.

**Tip:** Test your `environment.yml` locally using Mamba before using Build Your Own to speed up the build process and avoid waiting through repeated failures.

---

## Task: Clone the CryoCloud jupyterbook

> We will import the [workshop repository](https://github.com/geojupyter/workshop-open-source-geospatial.git).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will clone (e.g. make a local copy of) the [workshop repository](https://github.com/geojupyter/workshop-open-source-geospatial.git).
```
